# IBM-HR-Analytics-Employee-Attrition-Performance
Attrition is a critical issue and pretty high in the industry these days. It’s the major problem which highlights in all the organizations. Though the term ‘ATTRITION’ is common, many would be at a loss to define what actually Attrition is, “Attrition is said to be the gradual reduction in the number of employees through retirement, resignation or death. It can also be said as Employee Turnover or Employee Defection” Whenever a well-trained and well-adapted employee leaves the organization, it creates a vacuum. So, the organization loses key skills, knowledge and business relationships. Modern managers and personnel administrators are greatly interested in reducing Attrition in the organization, in such a way that it will contribute to the maximum effectiveness, growth, and progress of the organization.  Retaining employees is a critical and ongoing effort. One of the biggest challenges in having managers in the place that understands it is their responsibility to create and sustain an environment that fosters retention. Staff requires reinforcement, direction and recognition to grow and remain satisfied in their positions. Managers must recognize this and understand that establishing such fundamentals demonstrates their objectives to support nature and motivate their employees.  The main objectives of this study are to know the reasons, why attrition occurs, to identify the factors which make employees dissatisfy, to know the satisfactory level of employees towards their job and working conditions and to find the areas where companiesare lagging behind. 
